VMware image deployment documentation for Proxy (#3385)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/container-deployment/suma/proxy-deployment-vm-suma.adoc

|===

// FIXME Do we need the following note here?

[NOTE]
====

> [path]``/var/lib/containers/storage/volumes/srv-www``

Reviewer: As we already established at [proxy-deployment-uyuni.adoc?plain=1#L65](https://github.com/uyuni-project/uyuni-docs/blob/8601d3295eb22545f51569e904b7e9480227cf9b/modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/container-deployment/uyuni/proxy-deployment-uyuni.adoc?plain=1#L65) this is wrong and should be changed.

image::root-password.png[]

. When installation completes log in as root.

. Proceed to the next section.

> == Register {sl-micro} and {productname} {productnumber} Proxy

Reviewer: This macro is not correct for 5.5. It's still called SLE Micro 5.5. See [download filenames](https://www.suse.com/download/sle-micro/)

Author: ok, using sle-micro now.

. If updates were applied reboot.

. This step is optional.
  However, if custom persistent storage is required for your infrastructure, use the [command]``mgr-storage-proxy`` tool.
** For more information, see [command]``mgr-storage-proxy --help``.
This tool simplifies creating the container volumes.

** Use the command in the following manner:
+

// CHECKIT
+
----
mgr-storage-proxy <storage-disk-device>
----
+
For example:
+
----
mgr-storage-proxy /dev/nvme1n1
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> This command will create the persistent storage volumes at [path]``/var/lib/containers/storage/volumes``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will move the persistent storage volumes at [path]``/var/lib/containers/storage/volumes`` to the specified storage device.
```
